[PM-31241] Play framework & E2E test for cli api key login (#710)
bitwarden/sdk-internal: crates/bitwarden-test/README.md

</div>

Contains test utilities for Bitwarden.

## Play Framework

The Play framework provides scene-based E2E testing with automatic test isolation and cleanup. Using
the server side `SeederApi` to generate data.

### How It Works

1. Each `Play` instance generates a unique `play_id` (UUID)
2. All HTTP requests include an `x-play-id` header for server-side test isolation

> 3. The seeder API creates test data (users, etc.) associated with that `play_id`

Reviewer: x-play-id is more general purpose than just seeded data

```suggestion
3. Any db entry created through a request associated with an `x-play-id` (users, etc.) are saved as associated with that `play_id`
```

> 4. When the `Play` instance is dropped, all test data is automatically cleaned up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. When the `Play` instance is dropped, all `x-play-id` data is automatically cleaned up
```

4. When the `Play` instance is dropped, associated data is automatically cleaned up

### Usage

```rust
use bitwarden_test::play::{Play, SingleUserArgs, SingleUserScene};

> #[tokio::test]

Reviewer 2: We need to use the multi thread runtime in the example, otherwise it will panic

    // Create a Play instance - generates unique play_id
    let play = Play::new();

    // Create a test user via the seeder API
    let args = SingleUserArgs {
        email: "test@example.com".to_string(),
        verified: true,
        ..Default::default()
    };
    let scene = play.scene::<SingleUserScene>(&args).await.unwrap();

    // Access the created user data (email is mangled server-side)

>     let client_id = scene.get_mangled("client_id").unwrap();

Reviewer: I don't believe client_id is included in the mangle map, probably better to use something that definitely is mangled.

```suggestion
    let client_id = scene.get_mangled("email").unwrap();
```

Author: This assumed you feed it something that was named client_id. You can't ask it for `email` since you would need the actual email.

    // Use credentials for testing...

    // Cleanup happens automatically when `play` is dropped
}
```

### Environment Variables

| Variable                 | Default                           | Description         |
| ------------------------ | --------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| `BITWARDEN_API_URL`      | `https://localhost:8080/api`      | Base API URL        |
| `BITWARDEN_IDENTITY_URL` | `https://localhost:8080/identity` | Identity server URL |
| `BITWARDEN_SEEDER_URL`   | `http://localhost:5047`           | Seeder API URL      |

> 

Reviewer 3: ⛏️ While we are documenting env variable usage, let's include  `BW_PASSWORD`

Author: That's in the CLI not -test, but yes that should probably be documented outside of our help docs.

### Running E2E Tests

> E2E tests require a running Bitwarden server with the seeder API enabled:

Reviewer 2: Do we have any docs on how to enable this API?

Author: Not currently. You need to start the service AND set `globalSettings:testPlayIdTrackingEnabled` to true for tracking to work.

I want to provide a docker-compose that lets you spin this all up though.
